initlevel overhaul, deprecate PRE_KERNEL_1/2 and SMP levels (#112934)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/migration-guide-4.5.rst

  share the ``PRE_KERNEL`` level and are ordered together with its entries, by priority.
  ``PRE_KERNEL_2`` entries keep running after all ``PRE_KERNEL`` (and ``PRE_KERNEL_1``) entries
  while the level is phased out, so existing initialization ordering is unchanged. Replace
  ``SYS_INIT(fn, PRE_KERNEL_1, prio)`` and ``DEVICE_DT_DEFINE(..., PRE_KERNEL_1, prio, ...)`` with
  ``PRE_KERNEL``; migrate ``PRE_KERNEL_2`` users to ``PRE_KERNEL`` with a priority that orders the
  entry after its dependencies. The linker symbol ``__init_PRE_KERNEL_1_start`` has been renamed
  to ``__init_PRE_KERNEL_start``; tooling that inspects init sections by name must be updated.

* Registering a :c:macro:`SYS_INIT` at the ``SMP`` initialization level has been deprecated in
  favor of the new :c:macro:`SMP_INIT_HOOK` macro, and the ``SMP`` init level is scheduled for
  removal. Replace ``SYS_INIT(my_fn, SMP, 0)`` with ``SMP_INIT_HOOK(my_fn)``. The hook function
  runs at the same point (on the primary CPU, once all secondary CPUs are up, before ``main()``)
  but takes no argument and returns nothing, so drop the ``int`` return value from the callback.

>   Unlike an init level, hooks carry no priority ordering.

Reviewer: For clarity, I'd suggest:
```suggestion
  Unlike :c:macro:`SYS_INIT` functions, there is no ordering guarantee for SMP hooks.
```
(or s/`ordering guarantee`/`priority ordering`)

  entry after its dependencies. The linker symbol ``__init_PRE_KERNEL_1_start`` has been renamed
  to ``__init_PRE_KERNEL_start``; tooling that inspects init sections by name must be updated.

* The ``SMP`` initialization level has been renamed to ``PRE_MAIN``. Despite its name the level
  was never specific to SMP: it is the last level of the boot sequence, run on the boot thread
  once the static threads have been created and, on SMP systems, every secondary CPU has been
  started, immediately before ``main()`` is entered. ``PRE_MAIN`` is available unconditionally,

>   whereas the ``SMP`` level only existed when :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SMP` was enabled. Replace

Reviewer 2: It seems this justification bit doesn't belong to the migration guide: focus on what needs to be done. If really wants to keep the justification, do it on the release notes.
